Units equivalency for converting between arcsec and km on the Sun (#4443)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4443.feature.rst

> Added `~sunpy.coordinates.utils.solar_angle_equivalencies` to convert between arcsec on the Sun and km using the small angle approximation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `~sunpy.coordinates.utils.solar_angle_equivalencies` to convert between a physical distance on the Sun (e.g., km) to an angular separation as seen by an observer (e.g., arcsec).
```

> Added `~sunpy.coordinates.utils.solar_angle_equivalencies` to convert between a physical distance on the Sun (e.g., km) to an angular separation as seen by an observer (e.g., arcsec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `~sunpy.coordinates.utils.solar_angle_equivalency` to convert between a physical distance on the Sun (e.g., km) to an angular separation as seen by an observer (e.g., arcsec).
```
Must fix here
